oh hello how long have you been standing
there no matter put your pants back on
it's time to learn a cheat gainer oh I
need to get in the mood for this the
first part of a cheat gainer is the J
step is they have any other name Jay
step the J step is the momentum building
stage of the cheek gainer and they call
it a J step because you are literally
tracing a J on the floor with your feet
or in my case a backwards J and the
first few steps are small controlled
movements that you can keep your chest /
you I'll keep your center balance over
your feet at this point if you're taking
too big of steps you're going to be
constantly trying to chase your center
of mass and you won't be able to throw
yourself up in the air properly so i
started my right and then i go left
right left and the left 1i stick out you
know stick your foot out nice and far
bury the outside edge of your foot into
the floor because this is what's going
to get you your height while I was a lot
the next part important part of a J step
is the kicking leg so the leg that
you're not stick digging into the ground
is going to be swinging around your body
that's key instead of swinging your leg
up over your head that would be more
like I kick the moon you are going to
swing your leg around your body like
you're kicking a soccer ball or
something kind of like a cross your body
and at the same time that this leg is
kicking across your body you're going to
be swinging your arms in the same path
so they all swing in unison together too
and that with that will generate the
most force for your cheek gaining so now
that you've dug your foot into the floor
you are swinging your kicking leg around
your legs have your arms have swung in
unison you are ready to leave the ground
so as soon as you start leaving the
ground you're going to be turning your
head over your shoulder this is almost
natural because you're kicking your leg
around your body you want to naturally
spot the floor so you're gonna be
spotting the floor and kicking around
your body which will lift your body off
the ground at this point you're going to
begin pulling your kicking leg into your
chest what this is going to do is start
the flipping motion of the cheek gaynor
you literally cheat at your gainer
you're not going to go upside down
you're going to be spotting the floor
the whole time so if you kick around
your body and you spot the floor with
your eyes your chest is going to be
facing down which is good because you
want to be doing more like a flying
saucer move than an actual back foot now
that you're in the air and your
just is facing the floor what you want
to be doing is reaching your kicking leg
back towards the floor and if you get
the if you get the beginning stages of
the trick right this will feel
completely natural all you have to do is
stick your leg out and the trick almost
completes itself you almost fall out of
the cheek gaynor good method that I use
to help you learn this trick was to only
focus on the beginning and the end of
the move and just skip the flip part so
what I would do is I would do the J step
leave the ground without doing the flip
and then focus on getting my kicking leg
back to the ground yeah that's Chi caner
go tell your friends about it go do it
outside for the ladies let them know you
are a big deal okay now you have a
little taste of what I do so go go
anyway watch them more tutorials go
practice your chief gainer because the
ladies love the chief gainer and if you
want some more of these goodies you can
click on this coffee cup maybe you'd
like to watch last week's video maybe
you'd like to watch last week's video
you will learn how to do a cheat gainer
so do i oh good Dean here comes the fun
part